Here are some other courses of mine you might want to stream.
Best Practices for Requirements Gathering,
talking about great tools and techniques for gathering requirements.
Best Practices for Project Estimation.
Sometimes estimating projects is a very challenging and difficult
task and as a new leader you'll need this skill,
so check out this course.
And lastly, Project Management for Software Engineers,
covering a whole plethora of project management tools and techniques
that you may need to run your projects as well.
All nice companion courses for this theme in your new role as leader. Well, goodbye and good luck with your professional endeavors.